ans.1) Truffle is a world-class development environment,assets pipeline and testing framework for developing smart contracts using the ethereum virtual machine(EVM),aiming to make life as a developer easier.
       The slogan of of truffle suite is " Smart Contracts Made Sweeter", indicating that the environment specializes in Smart Contract Development.
       Truffle provides tools for writing,testing and deploying decentralized applications(DApp).


ans.2) Ganache typically refers to a development tool used for testing and deploying smart contracts.Ganache provides a personal ethereum blockchain development, allowing developers to create a local test network to interact with smart contracts in a controlled environment.
       it's useful for debugging,testing,and simulating various scenarios without interacting with the main ethereum network.
     

ans.3) 1.Ensure you have Node.js and npm(Node package Manager) installed on your computer.
       2. Install Truffle globally : open the command prompt and type the command -
              npm install -g truffle
       3. now check the truffle for properly installed or not? with the run command-
              Truffle version
       





ans.4) 1. Create a new Truffle Project: for creating project first, we will create a new directory and get a directory,we will run the following command-
              mkdir MetaCoin
              cd MetaCoin 
          To create a project, excute for the following command-
              truffle unbox metacoin

       2. Explore the project structure:
           Contracts:- This directory contains the smart contract for your project. In the MetaCoin example , you will find ConvertLib.sol and MetaCoin.sol.
           Migration:- migration scripts helps deploy your smart contracts to the blockchain, you will find files like 1._intial_migration.js and 2. _deploy_contracts.js.
           Test:-      This directory is for your test files.It's important to test your smart contract to ensure they work as expected.you will find files 1.TestMetaCoin.sol and MetaCoin.js
           Truffle-config.js(or truflle.js):- Configration file for truffle.It includes setting like the network configuration,complier version,and other project-specific options.

 